when we when we
hey guys so it's damn going to filming
my IMATS 2014 hall and this is the
second year I've been to I mats and I
think last year was better because for
some reason this year at IMATS there
were no beauty gurus like I only met
like two or three beauty gurus and like
makeup I'm Andy didn't show a beauty
before he for didn't show up quiet and
show up with Lauren Elizabeth didn't
show up like no Beauty beers that were
supposed to go showed up so that was a
little weird and i'm getting a call oh
my dad's calling me Dad I'm filming I
already thrown like a nine Matt's
montage kind of love which I'll link
down below and also my shirt that I'm
wearing right now is my camera dollar
shirt cuz i went to magcon this weekend
so um I'm making a match on experience
city on vlog so I'll link those down
below too anyway so I'm back to I nods
I'm gonna be filming a haul for you so I
didn't get much I only got a couple
things because they didn't have enough
money to get anymore and I don't know
what else to get because the lines were
so long so we got this black eye mask
bag and inside we just got little like
pamphlets and the royal and langnickel
brush book and all that kind of stuff
and then we got a list of like what
classes were going on and we got a
roiling Nicole coupon and we walked by
this booth and it was like for a makeup
school so they just gave me this little
sling bag and it was free so why not a
lot of companies were handing out free
samples and stuff but I'm not really
going to show you those because they're
not that important but yeah we were
walking to the lime crime booth and the
line was like four hours long it was
here was lime crime I wrapped around the
booths around here out the doors of I'm
ass and then looped around outside so I
was like dad we have to wait in this
line so I wait on a line for like two
and a half hours just for lipsticks but
then I also met the creator and founder
of on that um climb crime so here's the
bag it's humongous and I
love it i think i'm going to frame it in
my room because it's so bright and i
also got the founder and creators
autograph and a picture with her which
i'll insert right here
lipsticks so first one I got is sent
your future and first of all can we just
take a moment to admire this beautiful
beautiful packaging like it's a unicorn
and it's just like the most perfect
packaging ever and i love it is this
really pretty fuchsia color I have no
colors like it so I will swatch it for
you it looks like that it's super
pigmented and bright and creamy and it's
just overall a perfect lipstick so I got
that and then I wanted a really bright
color lipstick like an orange or yellow
or a mink green or blue and I was gonna
get make green but the lady said that
the blue would probably better on me cuz
i have blue eyes and red undertones so i
got the blue lipstick in the color no
she didn't whoa yeah it's blue and i
love it like it's so bright and crazy
and i have absolutely nothing like it
and i tried it on earlier and it's kind
of crazy i don't think i'd ever wear it
in public but it's just like so fun to
have that'll fit last thing that I got
was from bdellium because I've been
wanting something from this fresh line
for so long I wanted a crease brush and
then a face brush but I didn't have
enough for both so I just had with the
face brush because I could use this for
concealer since I were concealer every
day this is the bdellium faced 949
pointed foundation brush and I'm going
to use it for concealer but I like that
it's really big and pointed so it's just
really easy for concealer so also i just
want to show you what i wore to imax
since i didn't film an alpha of the day
so my dress is this Daisy dress and it's
so so cute and has this cutout in the
back and this is from kohls i like it so
much i got so many compliments from kc
homes and PB bunny 97 and the lime crime
founder and creator so everybody liked
this dress and I do too so I got that I
mean I wore that and then I also wear
these sandals from steve madden which
only hurt my feet a little that's what i
wore to I'm eyes and that's what I've
got it IMATS I hope you guys all enjoyed
this video and make sure you guys watch
my I knots log in my mag
videos and all that stuff links down
below and thanks for watching bye